= v4.1.0

* Fixed README typos and invalid links.
* Fixed load order of Twitter Bootstrap JavaScript files.
* Upgraded to Ruby 1.9.3-p0.
* Upgraded to Rails 3.2.1.
* Removed the paperclip and silent-postgres gems.
* Removed the Colorblind gem.

= v4.0.0

* Fixed deprecation warnings with navigation menu and items classes.
* Applied Ruby 1.9 syntax upgrades.
* Removed the current_route method from the navigation helper.
* Updated the date/time initializer with new patterns.
* Updated the README with additional post-install configurations.
* Added the New Relic gem.
* Upgraded to Rails 3.1.3.
* Upgraded to jQuery 1.7.1.
* Upgraded to jQuery UI 1.8.17.
* Upgraded to Modernizr 2.0.6.
* Added a Best Practices section to the README which includes the Rails Style Guide.
* Added the simple_form and andand gems.
* Removed the formtastic gem.
* Added the rack-webconsole gem.
* Dropped RVM support and switched to rbenv.
* Moved all gem requirements from the template.rb to the Gemfile template (better formatting, easier to read).
* Cleaned the download messages so that they behave and look like other Thor messages.
* Moved all public folders for images, stylesheets, and javascript to the app/assets and vendor/assets folders respectively.
* Removed the email and unknown icons.
* Removed the background image.
* Removed the jQuery TOOLS JavaScript library.
* Added bundle install to template execution.
* Added BOOTSTRAP_ROOT for Twitter Bootstrap CSS and JavaScript files to template.
* Renamed GITHUB_T1_ROOT to TEMPLATE_ROOT.
* Updated all javascript and stylesheet links within the application.html.erb layout.
* Added the Apple iOS icons for dimensions 57x57 and 114x114 pixels.
* Cleaned up the application.html.erb encoding and identity code.
* Removed the THEME_NAME and THEME_ROOT constants.
* Removed the site design docs - See Twitter Bootstrap docs instead.
* Applied Twitter Bootstrap theme to project - layouts and views are in sync.
* Updated the system initializer with new system label and description.
* Added humans.txt to the public folder.
* Renamed Best Practices to Resources in README.
* Added "Extending Rails" doc to Resources section of the README.

= v3.0.0

* Updated the .gitignore file to exclude more RSpec and YARD files.
* Upgraded to {jQuery 1.7.0}[http://jquery.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery UI 1.8.16}[http://jqueryui.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery Mark It Up 1.1.12}[http://markitup.jaysalvat.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery DataTables 1.7.5}[http://www.datatables.net].
* Upgraded to {jQuery jGrowl 1.2.5}[http://stanlemon.net/projects/jgrowl.html].
* Upgraded to {Modernizr 1.7.0}[http://www.modernizr.com].
* Upgraded to {Blueprint CSS 1.0}[https://github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css].
* Added the Linguist[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/linguist] gem requirement.
* Added the {Active Sanity}[https://github.com/versapay/active_sanity] gem.
* Added the CoffeeScript[https://github.com/Sutto/barista] gem.
* Added the Squeel[https://github.com/ernie/squeel] gem.
* Added the Ransack[https://github.com/ernie/ransack] gem.
* Added the {Factory Girl Rails}[https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails] gem.
* Added the Sessioner[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/sessioner] gem.
* Added the Tokener[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/tokener] gem.
* Added the {Paperclip Plus}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/paperclip_plus] gem.
* Added a .rvmrc file.
* Added Git commit checks (via the Pre-Commit gem).
* Replaced the Cucumber gem with the Cucumber-Rails gem.
* Replaced the LESS gem with the SASS gem.
* Replaced the Acts as List gem with the {Sorter}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/sorter] gem.
* Removed the position_helper since it is part of the Sorter gem now.
* Removed the lib/utils/acts_as_list_enhancements.rb module enhancements as these are now part of the Sorted List gem.
* Removed any images related to jQuery TOOLS library. Updated the CSS to behave like the original images.
* Removed the Looksee gem.
* Removed the Bullet gem.

= v2.0.0

* Upgraded template to support Rails 3.0.0.
* Upgraded to {jQuery 1.4.3}[http://jquery.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery UI 1.8.5}[http://jqueryui.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery Block UI 2.33}[https://github.com/malsup/blockui].
* Upgraded to {jQuery Validation 1.7}[http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation].
* Upgraded to {jQuery Tools 1.2.5}[http://flowplayer.org/tools/index.html].
* Upgraded to {Modernizr 1.6.0}[http://www.modernizr.com].
* Upgraded to {Underscore 1.1.0}[https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore].
* Added the {jQuery DataTables 1.7.4}[http://www.datatables.net] JavaScript library.
* Added the {jQuery Cookie}[http://plugins.jquery.com/project/Cookie] JavaScript library.
* Added the {Rails ERD}[http://rails-erd.rubyforge.org] gem requirement.
* Removed the heroku.rake file. See the {Heroku Plus}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/heroku_plus] gem for additional capabilities.
* Replaced the Awesome Nested Set with the {Lineage}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/lineage] gem.
* Removed the More[https://github.com/cloudhead/more] plugin.
* Removed all plugin installs.

= v1.2.0

* Fixed an issue where the opening HTML tag was missing from the application.html.erb layout.
* Fixed issue with template inheritance (i.e. when other templates inherit this template).
* Fixed issue with unnecessary loading of the Rails environment in the database.rake file.
* Moved the bullet, deadweight, and railroad gem definitions to the development.rb environment.
* Moved the rspec, rspec-rails, cucumber, webrat, metric_fu gems definitions to the test.rb environment.
* Added enhancements to the default Acts as List behavior (see lib/acts_as_list_enhancements.rb).
* Added the {jQuery Mark It Up 1.1.8}[http://markitup.jaysalvat.com] JavaScript library.
* Added the {jQuery Tools 1.2.4}[http://flowplayer.org/tools/index.html] JavaScript library.
* Added the Modernizr[http://www.modernizr.com] JavaScript library.
* Added improved menu navigation.

= v1.1.0

* Added the LESS[http://lesscss.org] gem requirement.
* Added the More[https://github.com/cloudhead/more] plugin.
* Added the {Rails Indexes}[https://github.com/eladmeidar/rails_indexes] plugin.
* Added the Formtastic[https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic] gem requirement.
* Added the Bullet[https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet] gem requirement.
* Added the Deadweight[https://github.com/aanand/deadweight] gem requirement.
* Removed the AndAnd[http://andand.rubyforge.org] gem requirement.
* Added Git setup and initialization.
* Removed the visitor namespace.
* Added the Underscore[https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore] JavaScript library.
* Upgraded to {jQuery 1.4.2}[http://jquery.com].
* Upgraded to {jQuery UI 1.8.2}[http://jqueryui.com].
* Updated the db:reseed rake task so that it also rebuilds the models diagrams.
* Added a rake task for printing database and database table sizes.
* Added a rake task for Heroku deployments.
* Added a rake task for Deadweight.
* Upgraded to {Blueprint 0.9.1}[https://github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css].
* Added Phusion Passenger debug support (see passenger.rake).
* Updated all gem definitions due to rubygems.org changes.

= v1.0.0

* Initial version.
