= Overview

Bootstraps a Ruby on Rails project beyond what you get with default project generation (i.e. rails new <project name>). 
Best applied when building a new Ruby on Rails application.

= Features

The following highlights what is applied with this template:

* Installs the {jQuery 1.7.0}[http://jquery.com] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery UI 1.8.16}[http://jqueryui.com] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery Cookie}[http://plugins.jquery.com/project/Cookie] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery Block UI 2.33}[https://github.com/malsup/blockui] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery Validation 1.7}[http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery jGrowl 1.2.5}[http://stanlemon.net/projects/jgrowl.html] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery Mark It Up 1.1.12}[http://markitup.jaysalvat.com] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery Tools 1.2.5}[http://flowplayer.org/tools/index.html] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {jQuery DataTables 1.7.5}[http://www.datatables.net] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {Underscore 1.1.0}[https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore] JavaScript library.
* Installs the {Modernizr 1.7.0}[http://www.modernizr.com] JavaScript library.
* Adds the Rake[https://github.com/jimweirich/rake] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Ruby on Rails}[http://rubyonrails.org] gem requirement.
* Adds the CoffeeScript[https://github.com/Sutto/barista] gem requirement.
* Adds the Resourcer[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/resourcer] gem requirement.
* Adds the Sessioner[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/sessioner] gem requirement.
* Adds the Squeel[https://github.com/ernie/squeel] gem requirement.
* Adds the Ransack[https://github.com/ernie/ransack] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Will Paginate}[https://github.com/mislav/will_paginate] gem requirement.
* Adds the Linguist[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/linguist] gem requirement.
* Adds the SASS[https://github.com/nex3/sass] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Acts as State Machine (AASM)}[https://github.com/rubyist/aasm] gem requirement.
* Adds the Tokener[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/tokener] gem.
* Adds the {Sorter}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/sorter] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Lineage}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/lineage] gem requirement.
* Adds the Formtastic[https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic] gem requirement.
* Adds the RedCloth[http://redcloth.org] gem requirement.
* Adds the {AWS-S3}[https://github.com/marcel/aws-s3] gem requirement.
* Adds the Paperclip[http://www.thoughtbot.com/projects/paperclip] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Paperclip Plus}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/paperclip_plus] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Ruby Debug}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug] gem.
* Adds the Wirble[https://github.com/blackwinter/wirble] gem.
* Adds the Hirb[https://github.com/cldwalker/hirb] gem.
* Adds the {Awesome Print}[https://github.com/michaeldv/awesome_print] gem.
* Adds the {Ruby Growl}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-growl] gem.
* Adds the {Active Sanity}[https://github.com/versapay/active_sanity] gem.
* Adds the {Color Blind}[https://github.com/codegram/colorblind] gem.
* Adds the Deadweight[https://github.com/aanand/deadweight] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Rails ERD}[http://rails-erd.rubyforge.org] gem requirement.
* Adds the Railroad[http://railroad.rubyforge.org] gem requirement.
* Adds the {RSpec Rails}[https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Cucumber Rails}[https://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber-rails] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Factory Girl Rails}[https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails] gem requirement.
* Adds the Webrat[http://gitrdoc.com/brynary/webrat] gem requirement.
* Adds the {Metric Fu}[http://metric-fu.rubyforge.org] gem requirement.
* Installs a customized application.html.erb file with a basic but structured site layout.
* Installs a customized {Blueprint CSS}[https://github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css] theme.
* Installs a customized jQueryUI theme to compliment the Blueprint CSS theme.
* Installs customized application graphics.
* Installs customized configuration initializers.
* Installs a rake script with {Phusion Passenger}[http://www.modrails.com/] support.
* Installs a rake script with Railroad diagram support.
* Installs simple _home_ and _about_ controllers for basic demo usage.
* Installs customized view helpers.
* Installs site navigation with dynamic controller detection and menu selection.
* Installs nested drop down menu support as inspired by {CSS Dropdown Menu}[http://www.webdesignerwall.com/tutorials/css3-dropdown-menu/].
* Installs OmniGraffle[http://www.omnigroup.com/products/OmniGraffle/] documentation for site layout and structure.
* Installs Git commit checks (via the Pre-Commit gem).
* Installs a .gitignore file with general exclusions for Git[http://git-scm.com].
* Installs a .rvmrc file for use with RVM[http://rvm.beginrescueend.com].

= Requirements

* Mac OS, Linux, or UNIX.
* Run the {Ruby Gem Setup}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/ruby_gem_setup] script or have manually installed all gems listed above.
* A solid internet connection.

= Usage

Open a terminal window and execute one the following command lines depending on your version preference:

Current Version (stable):

  rails new demo -d=sqlite3 -J -T -f -m https://raw.github.com/bkuhlmann/rails_setup_template/v3.0.0/template.rb

Master Version (unstable):

  rails new demo -d=sqlite3 -J -T -f -m https://raw.github.com/bkuhlmann/rails_setup_template/master/template.rb

= Setup

After the template has been applied, the following might worse configuring as well:

  config.autoload_paths += %W(#{config.root}/lib/utils)
  config.time_zone = "UTC"
  config.i18n.default_locale = "en-US"
  config.encoding = "utf-8"

= Company

{Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com]
	
= Author

{Brooke Kuhlmann}[http://www.redalchemist.com]

= License

Copyright (c) 2010 {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com].
Read the LICENSE for details.

= History

Read the CHANGELOG for details.